---
layout: post
title: "old code"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}


I was looking through some old code recently. I was looking for the TeX source
for my resume and found some other code from the past. It was interesting to
see how I wrote back then as well as to remember the ideas.

I need new ideas. The world needs new ideas. I think I fell into the trap
around build tools. Never finishing the visual build tool, I keep falling back
on to it when the issue of why build tools suck comes up. I am very sad the
world has not progressed in over 10 years. But may there is a reason. When I
look at the problem all I see is the same solutions. I need to take a fresh
beginners view of the whole thing. 

The problem is why do build tools all suck and are nothing but slight
improvements on Make? Even the plan9 tool, mk, isn't much better. The ruby
build tool, rake, is a perfect embodiment of what is wrong with build tools
and what is wrong with the Ruby community. Stuck in the past. What is missing?


What is its nature? What is the thing in itself? Compare how with what.
Compare explict with implict. Compare isolated with systems. Compare text with
graphic. 

I argue for text but settle on graphics for this. Unless the issue is how do
I textual encode the complex relationships. 

Old code spawns many ideas but nothing new or ground breaking. I have written
about some many times. I think I should move them off my mind to open space
for something useful or inspiring.










